feat(FluentProvider): emit errors on duplicate IDs (#28670)
microsoft/fluentui: apps/public-docsite-v9/src/Concepts/AdvancedConfiguration.stories.mdx

Having multiple applications using `FluentProvider` on a single web page can cause interop problems when they come from different bundles, more details in [microsoft/fluentui#26496](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/pull/26496).

### React 18

> React 18 provides new [`createRoot`](https://react.dev/reference/react-dom/client/createRoot#parameters) API that allows to configure `identifierPrefix` on it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to handle id prefixing natively with React 18 using the [`createRoot`](https://react.dev/reference/react-dom/client/createRoot#parameters) API by configuring `identifierPrefix` on it:
```
